Configure both 2019/2022 to install only minimum dependencies by default (#36)
CircleCI-Public/circleci-server-windows-image-builder: README.md

You can use either AWS or GCP to build your Windows machine image. Choose the one your server instance is running in.

> By default, these images now build on the minimum required dependencies. This allows a ~30 minute build time to verify that your CircleCI Server environment can run a Windows build. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, these images now build on the minimum required dependencies. This allows for a shorter build time to verify that your CircleCI Server environment can run a Windows build. 
```
